Hello.
Molson Ace. 5777: Hello.
Hi.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can you hear me.
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah, I can hear you. Sorry.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, I can hear you.
Molson Ace. 5777: Perfect.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, welcome.
Molson Ace. 5777: Thank you. Thanks for having me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: My name is Joel
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I am a nurse practitioner and I am
Jill Beavers-Kirby: currently living in Arizona, but I used to live there in Ohio for pretty much all my life.
Molson Ace. 5777: Oh, yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, so
Molson Ace. 5777: Still licensed in
Molson Ace. 5777: Ohio.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I still see patients via
Molson Ace. 5777: telematics, I'm like,
Molson Ace. 5777: Okay, cool. Yeah, that makes me more comfortable. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And I see you are in the Toledo area, is that correct
Molson Ace. 5777: Yes, ma'am.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm from Columbus so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I don't know if that helps or not so
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah, it's about
Molson Ace. 5777: Three hours. Yeah, yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I see you're signed in as a steeper refer ace or Michael or howdy
Molson Ace. 5777: Mr Michael
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, alright. So,
Molson Ace. 5777: Michael fine. Yeah, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I've been in healthcare for a really long time and I've been a nurse practitioner for last 15 years
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Of my career.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And I've been seeing patients with addiction issues for about the past three years, um,
Molson Ace. 5777: So just to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Let you know like where I'm coming from.
Molson Ace. 5777: There's not a whole lot that I
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Haven't seen or that I haven't heard or so, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can you tell me a little bit about you and where you're coming from.
Molson Ace. 5777: I got a lot of family lineage.
Molson Ace. 5777: Military
Molson Ace. 5777: Family and we fought for the North before all the wars and I try to distance myself from just the Austin side of my family, just because they're all
Molson Ace. 5777: Psycho military militant and I just saw, really. I mean, that's not who I am. You
Molson Ace. 5777: Know,
Molson Ace. 5777: I tried to break the chain.
Molson Ace. 5777: Damage done you know i mean the images cars over generations. Yeah.
Molson Ace. 5777: I don't know. And I turned it. I mean, I'm probably the black sheep, my family. I'm the only one in my whole other side of my family that was born in Ohio.
Wow.
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah, so I'm the only one that's like they call me a hillbilly and they call me away trash. I'm really not. I'm really classy and smart like that. It's like, I can't even seem to be myself no longer because
Molson Ace. 5777: There's so much pressure there. People put so much pressure on me. And I don't know, I just want to give it to keep keep going and not fall back into the throes of the heroin and, you know, my body is beat up to busted up and 42. No, no, I've had a pretty rough go a
Molson Ace. 5777: little blip on the radar that we're here on Earth. I tried to this program and peaceful and just mindful of what's going on around me.
Molson Ace. 5777: But sometimes device in the ass and I mean
Molson Ace. 5777: Because I was reading
Molson Ace. 5777: But I don't know.
Molson Ace. 5777: But
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That's okay. Um, so I'm heroin was the was your drug of choice for
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah, yeah, it was
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Now, have you tried Suboxone or this is new for you.
Molson Ace. 5777: Or yeah, I've been on. No, no, I've done some action.
Molson Ace. 5777: My father passed away. I was trying to commit suicide. The overdose.
Molson Ace. 5777: And
Jill Beavers-Kirby: When was that
Molson Ace. 5777: I'm trying to get out.
Molson Ace. 5777: Oh,
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah.
But
Molson Ace. 5777: I don't know.
Molson Ace. 5777: I was like his ace in the hole. You know what I mean, like,
Molson Ace. 5777: He wanted and praying ito have to go through
Molson Ace. 5777: He had to go through just to live a peaceful life on this earth, you know, I mean,
Molson Ace. 5777: Unfortunately, I made some bad decisions. And here we are.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So when is the last time you tried any opioids, or had any opioids or anything since has anything recent I
Molson Ace. 5777: Know, I've been off HEROIN FOR 10 years no
Molson Ace. 5777: Boxes because some boxes on my paintings. I booked my back when I was ready on
Molson Ace. 5777: A small scale a little bit, but I used to replace bicycles and skateboard a lot and stuff.
Molson Ace. 5777: And I hurt my back really bad so off the roof.
Molson Ace. 5777: I was doing a lot of her I was doing a lot of her cassettes and whatnot. And my back was my I slipped a couple desk in my lower back and I really don't want to write my mind I was my first prison number
Molson Ace. 5777: She was Native American. She was Cherokee Indian
Molson Ace. 5777: As soon as she went under the knife like she went to Alaska to get away from my father as soon as she went under the knife. The first time cancer just spread and then she came back down to the lower 48 so I'm kind of like leery about going to like hospitals and whatnot.
Molson Ace. 5777: That's the reason why I didn't like because I'm like anti modern medicine and
Molson Ace. 5777: Nothing like that. I'm all for modern medicine. That was it for you know any motivation I someone like me wouldn't be alive.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And that's perfectly understandable.
Molson Ace. 5777: But
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What is your
Molson Ace. 5777: Heroin
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What's your current Suboxone dose.
Molson Ace. 5777: It was at 12
Oh,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Were you doing like films or pills.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So one film three times a day, or did you take all three at once, or how did you space them out.
Molson Ace. 5777: I was in Connecticut with my my
Molson Ace. 5777: A strange wife. That's another can of worms. I was getting 112 I was getting 112 milligrams in the morning.
Molson Ace. 5777: Morning.
Molson Ace. 5777: That I came back to Ohio because she wouldn't find a divorce papers or something like that. So I went off. I didn't go off of them. I was just copy them on the street, whatnot. Yeah.
Molson Ace. 5777: Like, like, I'd probably be comfortable with.
Molson Ace. 5777: I don't know 338 milligrams a day. I don't know if they but in Ohio. They only let you do it. There's a certain amount, like all the different from state to state.
I do
Jill Beavers-Kirby: We can what so we since we're on that topic. I'm just a couple of things about way I like to work with patients. And what I found works best for patients and most i think i all my patients agree with this.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But as far as the dose. A and how long you're going to be on it. And when you try to taper and everything that's going to be something that you and I have worked out together.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I don't have any laws or rules in Ohio that say you can only be on Suboxone for this long. And you can only take this this amount for this long so
Molson Ace. 5777: So we
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can definitely do the three today you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And when the time comes that you want to talk about tapering and I'll bring it up. Sometimes you can bring it up sometimes, but I don't have like
Molson Ace. 5777: I have. And I've tried. And I've tried to quit doing some
Molson Ace. 5777: Like there's some, there's some days like I can't get out of bed. I'm in so much fucking plane because my back and stuff, you know. Oh.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I get it.
Molson Ace. 5777: A little bit, but maybe I'll take them to the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Day I die, maybe
Molson Ace. 5777: You want to work on that together.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know I
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Let you know that I'm not going to say in six months have to do this. I don't do that, um,
Molson Ace. 5777: But you and I can definitely work together to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Talk about your pain.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Up.
You know how to manage your pain.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then we do. Did they tell you about the group counseling that we do here. I'm with heart health.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, yeah, so the body part help health groups are awesome. I have
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Been with heart health, and with another company, though, for a long time. And so this is my first time doing group therapy with people always used to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know me not being in the group for the patients, but so I'll, I'll be in a group with you. So that's going to be the fun thing about it is, you're going to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Be there with other people who are various stages of this and you know you've got 10 years of experience. So you can definitely help some of the newer
Jill Beavers-Kirby: People that are going to be in
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And talk about your experiences and how you. So yeah, you're going to be the you're going to be the one that people look
Molson Ace. 5777: Up to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I'm
Molson Ace. 5777: About that but
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Now you've mentioned a couple different states, just as we've been talking. How long have you been in Ohio.
Molson Ace. 5777: I'm in Ohio most
Molson Ace. 5777: Cuz I have a daughter. Here I have right here.
Molson Ace. 5777: So I can't, like, I'm not just gonna opt in. We even though, like me, my mother, my child summer.
Molson Ace. 5777: We don't get along. But when it comes to her.
Molson Ace. 5777: Thing, guys. She's
Molson Ace. 5777: Been exposed, anything to add. Yeah, hold on the changing room. Try to go back to this. Why, if I don't know my dad I
Molson Ace. 5777: Know, and she she she inherited a lot of my gifts.
Molson Ace. 5777: You know, being she's got a 4.0 she's never dropped below 4.0 she draws she paints, like I do, she's really really musical like I am, and
Molson Ace. 5777: So yeah, I have with that being said, I have roots here in Ohio. So I'm probably going to be in Ohio, the rest of my life because I just a matter of the lead my kid that's not after what
Molson Ace. 5777: I've been trying to be responsible but
Molson Ace. 5777: It seems like I take two steps forward and back. Right. You know, but I guess that's neither here nor there.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How's your daughter.
Molson Ace. 5777: She's
That's a fun age.
Molson Ace. 5777: So, um, yeah. But, you know,
I don't know.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, did they talk to you about. You need to get a physical exam and get some labs on
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You signed up.
Molson Ace. 5777: For it. They said they said they
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah, they shouldn't need to go to like to get blood work and
Molson Ace. 5777: To do blood tests.
Molson Ace. 5777: And I was kind of leery about actually I'm Pepsi and then
Molson Ace. 5777: He mentioned the pitch task you know I do smoke marijuana on occasion I try not to smoke too much.
Molson Ace. 5777: Out of the
Molson Ace. 5777: Marijuana
Molson Ace. 5777: It keeps me calm.
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah yeah
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Not a problem. Do you have a
Jill Beavers-Kirby: medical card for marijuana
Molson Ace. 5777: No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm you know you met medical marijuana is legal in Ohio. It might help some of your back pain. Um, if you say you haven't
Molson Ace. 5777: Even
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You haven't been into a dispensary. Have you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you ever been inside of a
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Medical marijuana dispensary. So they have
Molson Ace. 5777: Pharmacists, they're just like the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Store, um,
Molson Ace. 5777: And they you'll talk to them.
Molson Ace. 5777: I mean I you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Know, go ahead.
Yeah.
Molson Ace. 5777: But I never had the money or whatever to get my medical marijuana card. I mean, so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you working
Molson Ace. 5777: But yeah
Molson Ace. 5777: No, I'm trying to get back to work and I had a job working for
Molson Ace. 5777: For a
Molson Ace. 5777: Cornfield words and I will start working for them.
Molson Ace. 5777: But it fell through, because of the carnivorous virus, they close the polls and stuff. And it was a it was to get votes to get petition signed
Molson Ace. 5777: To get to get things passed. And one of the things, one of the things, who's gonna push and I was working really close to these guys.
Molson Ace. 5777: Was to get the minimum wage in Ohio.
Molson Ace. 5777: But that's all through because they close the polls, you know, last week, so yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So are you on disability.
Molson Ace. 5777: Then I don't know. Maybe they might call me back to work. No, no, not a disability.
Molson Ace. 5777: So how do you support yourself probably quite, I might qualify
Molson Ace. 5777: I don't know. I get food stamps. So I got my food.
Molson Ace. 5777: I got Medicaid. So I got
Molson Ace. 5777: I don't really ask for much out of life.
Molson Ace. 5777: Smoke. Smoke grow up. They get some coffee.
Molson Ace. 5777: With somebody
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How do you pay your rent.
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah, yeah. I live with somebody
Molson Ace. 5777: Like harder.
Molson Ace. 5777: I have a couple businesses I paint. I can run a second
Molson Ace. 5777: We're like little bored.
Molson Ace. 5777: And I have my brother and when my father passed away a signed off by everything to my brother, my uncle is probably there's just fine off and everything, because the girl I was married, I'm still married to, but
Molson Ace. 5777: And he he took over all the properties family.
Molson Ace. 5777: Okay, because I just signed off in the estate.
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah.
Molson Ace. 5777: But they're not my name. So whatever
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah, so he can take all the stress and take all the taxes.
Molson Ace. 5777: There you go. That's what he wanted. He got it. I don't blame him or whatever he can take the stress, you know, I mean,
But
Molson Ace. 5777: I can't do it. My mind is
Molson Ace. 5777: I don't know, I can't, I can't do it. I mean, I could like really buckle down and isolate myself but
Molson Ace. 5777: I don't know. I don't think I'm ready for it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And that's okay. You don't have to. You don't have to take over any of that. I think that's smart.
Molson Ace. 5777: He calls me he calls me for advice like and how to fix stuff and how to because we built that
Molson Ace. 5777: We built at me, my father. We did all the legwork for, you know what I mean everything and then we even had our own apartment complex in North all
Molson Ace. 5777: Over the country, you know, that was not assisted that was not assisted a
Molson Ace. 5777: 62 and over facility that you know we ran and help build out and it was through NCR and national church residence and stuff like that. No.
But
Molson Ace. 5777: I mean as far as like laboring goes and stuff like that. I mean, I could probably got like two or three more seasons in me. Maybe a couple more years. My body just totally you
Molson Ace. 5777: Know, and hopefully
Molson Ace. 5777: You know,
Molson Ace. 5777: Somewhere along the lines. Gotta compensate me for brother.
Molson Ace. 5777: But anyway.
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah, that's just my life.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So are you taking any medications right now.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you taking
Molson Ace. 5777: Any medications. Right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Now yeah like anything prescriptions from a
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Doctor or
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Anything like that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh, I lost you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah.
Molson Ace. 5777: Wi Fi in the house was on
Molson Ace. 5777: The call
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So are you taking any medicines from a doctor like anything prescription or anything.
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah, I get a shot once a month. And as a matter of fact, I was there today at renewed mind and Adam Street and we don't here.
Molson Ace. 5777: I'm supposed to get my shot once a month.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What's the shot for
Me.
Molson Ace. 5777: For
Molson Ace. 5777: Bipolar schizophrenia, but
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you know what that drug is
Molson Ace. 5777: invega
Okay.
Any other medicines.
Molson Ace. 5777: No.
Molson Ace. 5777: Blood pressure, but I could take them.
Molson Ace. 5777: To have high blood pressure. I'm going to take pills.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What pharmacy. Would you like me to call your prescription into
Molson Ace. 5777: I would like it to be it right it but
Molson Ace. 5777: Because it's right down the street from my day and surveying, you haven't you
Molson Ace. 5777: Know, I mean, but I don't know if what I've gathered Rite Aid won't
Molson Ace. 5777: Take the script or something, I don't know.
Molson Ace. 5777: Maybe around here.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: They might not carry the medicine, some pharmacies, don't they just say they're not going to deal with that medicine.
Molson Ace. 5777: Know they care they carry some actions. I know they do.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay.
Molson Ace. 5777: But you know, that's right, eight on the corners with it on so
Molson Ace. 5777: They don't want
Molson Ace. 5777: They don't want to take out of state grid.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Well, so the script is going to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have an address on it.
Molson Ace. 5777: Because our
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Our office is in Ohio. So if it's going to have an Ohio office address
Molson Ace. 5777: In Ohio. Okay, I should be able to go there and get it.
Molson Ace. 5777: Done. Okay. Yeah.
Molson Ace. 5777: It's not, I don't have my ID, because I got a clause. I got a clause in there. We have to see my ID. And as we
Molson Ace. 5777: Can pick up my scripts. Okay, so
Molson Ace. 5777: It's the Friday.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Right there by across the street from Rudy's hot dog.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah.
Molson Ace. 5777: That's a girl.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm looking at Google Verdi's hot dog. Sounds good.
Molson Ace. 5777: Really good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So Ohio Medicaid requires you to have the film and they require you to have the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Brand name film.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Not the generic so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, I'm when I'm going to be doing some cheese. You know, I'm looking at your Ohio.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Prescription his
Word.
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I don't have the last prescriptions. I have you feeling for Suboxone is in July.
Molson Ace. 5777: Last July.
Molson Ace. 5777: I went out.
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah, let me see. I went. When did I go to Connecticut.
Molson Ace. 5777: I went to. I went to Connecticut in the fall.
Molson Ace. 5777: And was on house key help us to help out there and then that Dr. Anderson. This indoctrination. Yeah, July. So I was working down in Finley and then I went
Molson Ace. 5777: And there's been that much of a gap and like, no, that can't be that much of a gap.
Molson Ace. 5777: I don't know. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Alright, let's get back to sending this in so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm, what I'm going to have you do is I'm gonna have you do one thumb three times a day. So
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Out like one in the morning, one in the afternoon and one in the evening. That way you can
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Study state through your blood system.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then
I'm
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are we are group meeting for people in Ohio, your counseling will be tomorrow Wednesday the 25th one o'clock in the afternoon, and you'll get
Jill Beavers-Kirby: An invitation from our care coordinators.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just like this and you'll join just like her. I'm talking with me and you'll be in like a full room with
Molson Ace. 5777: All right.
Molson Ace. 5777: Turn my life. Yeah.
Molson Ace. 5777: So tomorrow at one o'clock.
Molson Ace. 5777: Put it on the calendar.
Molson Ace. 5777: Oh, and just do what I did today.
Yeah.
Molson Ace. 5777: I wrote it down.
Molson Ace. 5777: All right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What questions do you have for me.
Molson Ace. 5777: Not really. I mean, I know that.
Molson Ace. 5777: I know what I'm supposed to do and everything I just
Molson Ace. 5777: I just don't want to get jobs or anything like that. My sexuality or something.
Molson Ace. 5777: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Nobody's gonna judge you, nobody
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Needs to Know anything about your duality everybody in there.
Is in there for the same reason.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, um, sometimes people get constipated, because of the Suboxone. I don't know if you have
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just a box and make you constipated.
Molson Ace. 5777: Making constipated. No, I don't actually make a regular
Molson Ace. 5777: Okay, good.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: In case it does just make sure you're drinking water and taking
Molson Ace. 5777: You know, if it gets to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Be a problem you can take like a stool softener or something.
Molson Ace. 5777: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If you don't have any questions for me. I will see you tomorrow afternoon in the group.
Molson Ace. 5777: Tomorrow. Okay, now that prescription is it being called into writing. Can I walk and get it now or later you're gonna wait till tomorrow.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm sending it electronically right now.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, depends on how fast they fill in.
Molson Ace. 5777: The show
Molson Ace. 5777: Okay. All right, so I'll wait like it was, I don't know what you got what time they close over there.
Molson Ace. 5777: Late 11 they close at 11
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah 11 okay
Molson Ace. 5777: That way I don't have to bother anyone. Yeah.
Molson Ace. 5777: A lot about the playoffs and whatnot.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You should. If you've been getting this you should have a prior authorization already in place. Like I said journal hotmail
Medicaid
Molson Ace. 5777: Medicaid. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, this is their preferred drug on Ohio Medicaid, so it shouldn't require a prior
Authorization
Molson Ace. 5777: Okay. All right.
Molson Ace. 5777: Well, a bit cheaper.
Molson Ace. 5777: If I can pick it up. If not, then I guess I'll just go from there.
Molson Ace. 5777: Or what
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If you, if you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Text us. All right.
Molson Ace. 5777: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Sweetie, and I'll see you tomorrow.
Molson Ace. 5777: What do I do now.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So at the bottom of your screen on the lower right hand side, there's nothing that says anything you just touch that.
Molson Ace. 5777: Meeting.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Me see it. All right.
Molson Ace. 5777: Great. I just had it.
Molson Ace. 5777: Right, yeah.